# Interactive_Story_task




#Starting of the world war


#### The end of the world is game that basically a rich man decides to take over of the world by leading a swarm robotics. Then he released an army of robots to launch an attack. Unfortunately, he mishandled the robots and they began to attack everything. Players take control of Chris (the main character);Chris can dispatch adversaries in a variety of ways including shooting them with arrows, setting traps such as tripwires , using explosives, and a technological weapons. He also can control some type of robot by a machine called "The controller". Chris can dodge, sprint, slide, or roll to evade his enemies' advances. Fight can happen on many sides, depending on the level you're in. Combats may occur from numerous angles.You can take on the "Flying robots," which are the hardest level, or "the swimmers," which are more difficult. Last but not least, there are the "Normal robots," which are the easiest one. Chris moves over the map, which features rivers, mountains covered in snow, jungles, and forests. And each stage has a different variety of levels and robots. The robots have a technique that makes them undefeatbale since they they multiply each other every second. Chris looks for a solution to put an end to the copying so he can defeat this enormously powerful army. That if he reached a systemic weakness when he discovered one, he would go and destroy it. He sets out to find the system's flaw in an effort to overthrow it and save the entire world.



#Our game can take several scenarios.. all of them are dependent on the click of a button within seconds.. Of course I am talking about the button attached to the nuclear bomb.. In the best case, God will prevent this button from working... This will be branch1.. But if you are not lucky  .. Putin will press the button on his desk and unleash an army of crazy, highly intelligent robots.. and then we will be in front of a devastating catastrophe.. branch2 depicts us a fierce attack of robots using tech weapons, and then humans will confront them and a major epic will take place in which human life will die and dominate  Robots or branch3 can spawn where humans can defeat robots and regenerate again.. For branch 4 and branch5 it will be less dangerous.. Fortunately our chefs d'oeuvre will not be able to use tech weapons but they will attack in large numbers and with  They will be defeated, but the story will not end here, because the bomb will lead to the spread of a dangerous disease. Either they find an antidote for it like branch5, or it will be the end of humanity and we will be in branch4.
